table_of_contents.md, before:

# Table of Contents

### Arithmetic Problems

TD [Ages of Three Children Problem](problems/ages_of_three_children_problem.md)  
TD [Ages of Five Workers Problem](problems/ages_of_five_workers_problem.md)  

### Geometry Problems

[Ant in a Cubic Box Problem](problems/ant_in_cubic_box_problem.md)  
[Spider and Fly Problem](problems/spider_and_fly_problem.md)  
[Ant in a Rectangular Box Problem](problems/ant_in_rectangular_box_problem.md)  

### Grouping Problems

[Post Office Package Problem](problems/post_office_package_problem.md)  
[Twenty-Five Horses Problem](problems/twenty-five_horses_problem.md)  
[Nine Coin Problem](problems/nine_coin_problem.md)  
[Twelve Marble Problem](problems/twelve_marble_problem.md)  

### Hat Problems

[Three Hats in a Circle Problem](problems/three_hats_in_circle_problem.md)  
[Three Hats in a Line Problem](problems/three_hats_in_line_problem.md)  
TD [Seven Rainbow Hats Problem](problems/seven_rainbow_hats_problem.md)  
[Two Hundred Eyes Problem](problems/two_hundred_eyes_problem.md)  
[Hundred Prison Hats Problem with two colors](problems/hundred_prison_hats_two_colors_problem.md)  
[Hundred Prison Hats Problem with three colors](problems/hundred_prison_hats_three_colors_problem.md)  

### Measuring Problems

[Measuring Five Liters Problem](problems/measuring_five_liters_problem.md)  
[Measuring Four Gallons Problem](problems/measuring_four_gallons_problem.md)  
[Measuring Five and Eight Pints Problem](problems/measuring_five_and_eight_pints_problem.md)  
[Burning Two Ropes Problem](problems/burning_two_ropes_problem.md)

### Number Problems

[Three Number Addition Problem](problems/three_number_addition_problem.md)  
[Two Number Addition Problem](problems/two_number_addition_problem.md)  
[Four Digit Number Times 4 Problem](problems/four_digit_number_times_4_problem.md)  
[Four Digit Number Times 9 Problem](problems/four_digit_number_times_9_problem.md)  
[Five Digit Number Times 4 Problem](problems/five_digit_number_times_4_problem.md)  
[Five Digit Number Times 9 Problem](problems/five_digit_number_times_9_problem.md)  

### Probability Problems

[Russian Roulette Problem with one bullet](problems/russian_roulette_one_bullet_problem.md)  
[Russian Roulette Problem with two adjacent bullets](problems/russian_roulette_two_adjacent_bullets_problem.md)  
[Russian Roulette Problem with two nonadjacent bullets](problems/russian_roulette_two_nonadjacent_bullets_problem.md)  
[Game Show Problem](problems/game_show_problem.md)  

### River Crossing Problems

[Fox, Chicken, and Grain Problem](problems/fox_chicken_grain_problem.md)  
[Bridge and Torch Problem](problems/bridge_and_torch_problem.md)  
[Missionaries and Cannibals Problem](problems/missionaries_and_cannibals_problem.md)  
[Jealous Husbands Problem](problems/jealous_husbands_problem.md)  

### True/False Speaker Problems

[Two Guards Problem](problems/two_guards_problem.md)  
[Three Princesses Problem](problems/three_princesses_problem.md)  
WIP [Three Gods Problem](problems/three_gods_problem.md)

Commit message:

Add measuring four and four pints problem

table_of_contents.md, after:

# Table of Contents

### Arithmetic Problems

TD [Ages of Three Children Problem](problems/ages_of_three_children_problem.md)  
TD [Ages of Five Workers Problem](problems/ages_of_five_workers_problem.md)  

### Distance Problems

TD [Human and Train on a Bridge Problem](problems/human_and_train_on_bridge_problem.md)  
TD [Camel and Bananas Problem](problems/camel_and_bananas_problem.md)  
TD [Flying Around the World Problem](problems/flying_around_the_world_problem.md)  

### Geometry Problems

[Ant in a Cubic Box Problem](problems/ant_in_cubic_box_problem.md)  
[Spider and Fly Problem](problems/spider_and_fly_problem.md)  
WIP [Ant in a Rectangular Box Problem](problems/ant_in_rectangular_box_problem.md)  

### Grouping Problems

[Post Office Package Problem](problems/post_office_package_problem.md)  
[Twenty-Five Horses Problem](problems/twenty-five_horses_problem.md)  
[Nine Coin Problem](problems/nine_coin_problem.md)  
[Twelve Marble Problem](problems/twelve_marble_problem.md)  

### Hat Problems

[Three Hats in a Circle Problem](problems/three_hats_in_circle_problem.md)  
[Three Hats in a Line Problem](problems/three_hats_in_line_problem.md)  
TD [Seven Rainbow Hats Problem](problems/seven_rainbow_hats_problem.md)  
[Two Hundred Eyes Problem](problems/two_hundred_eyes_problem.md)  
[Hundred Prison Hats Problem with two colors](problems/hundred_prison_hats_two_colors_problem.md)  
[Hundred Prison Hats Problem with three colors](problems/hundred_prison_hats_three_colors_problem.md)  

### Measuring Problems

[Measuring Five Liters Problem](problems/measuring_five_liters_problem.md)  
[Measuring Four Gallons Problem](problems/measuring_four_gallons_problem.md)  
[Measuring Four and Four Pints Problem](problems/measuring_four_and_four_pints_problem.md)  
[Measuring Five and Eight Pints Problem](problems/measuring_five_and_eight_pints_problem.md)  
[Burning Two Ropes Problem](problems/burning_two_ropes_problem.md)

### Number Problems

[Three Number Addition Problem](problems/three_number_addition_problem.md)  
[Two Number Addition Problem](problems/two_number_addition_problem.md)  
[Four Digit Number Times 4 Problem](problems/four_digit_number_times_4_problem.md)  
[Four Digit Number Times 9 Problem](problems/four_digit_number_times_9_problem.md)  
[Five Digit Number Times 4 Problem](problems/five_digit_number_times_4_problem.md)  
[Five Digit Number Times 9 Problem](problems/five_digit_number_times_9_problem.md)  

### Probability Problems

[Russian Roulette Problem with one bullet](problems/russian_roulette_one_bullet_problem.md)  
[Russian Roulette Problem with two adjacent bullets](problems/russian_roulette_two_adjacent_bullets_problem.md)  
[Russian Roulette Problem with two nonadjacent bullets](problems/russian_roulette_two_nonadjacent_bullets_problem.md)  
[Game Show Problem](problems/game_show_problem.md)  

### River Crossing Problems

[Fox, Chicken, and Grain Problem](problems/fox_chicken_grain_problem.md)  
[Bridge and Torch Problem](problems/bridge_and_torch_problem.md)  
[Missionaries and Cannibals Problem](problems/missionaries_and_cannibals_problem.md)  
[Jealous Husbands Problem](problems/jealous_husbands_problem.md)  

### True/False Speaker Problems

[Two Guards Problem](problems/two_guards_problem.md)  
[Three Princesses Problem](problems/three_princesses_problem.md)  
WIP [Three Gods Problem](problems/three_gods_problem.md)
